About Us
Roshani Tempo Service, established in the year 2009, is a name to reknowned with in the Transport Industry. With an ambition to set a new parameter by providing unparalleled products, the company embarked upon its mission and today, it stands tall as one of the most prominent names in the Transport Industry. Currently, the company is offering a host of world-class Transport and Tempo service as per the requirements of our customers.


About Us


We at “Gayatri Aircon Pvt. Ltd.” take this opportunity to introduce ourselves as a Sale & Service Dealer of Hitachi, O General, Samsung and LG Air-conditioners has been providing expert cooling solutions for over fifteen years.

 

We have a wide range of products which include VRF Air-condition, Ductable Air-condition, Cassette Type Air-condition, Split Air-condition, Window Air-Condition and AMC of all brands Air-conditioners etc.

 

We Offer

 

A Range of Air-conditioning Solutions

 

Fit any end users’ needs
Offer flexibility of use of different types of solutions
Made in India and imported, Made for India. Designed to work under high ambient conditions
Committed Manpower
Dedicated team of Solution & Corporate business
To Give Seamless Cross Country Solutions to Customers
Project Management Skills
Qualified People
Vast installation Experience from small sites to large sites
Project Division expertise to undertake both Low side & High side work.

WORKSHOP
We have our well established workshop for regular repair & maintenance job of the equipments.
Service Capabilities
Strong Infrastructure to provide service anywhere.
Priority Service for Customers.
Periodic update on the Health of the installed system.

CALL CENTER
We have our in-house call centre with CRM software for logging the complaint and resolving the issues.
You, as a client, have a choice for utilizing our best services.


Roshani Tempo Service is an unmatched leader in Express Distribution and Supply Chain Solutions, committed to make their customers’ business always ‘Ahead in reach’ while partnering with them to elegantly customize the delivery offering

About Us
Owner Image - Santosh Kumar YadavRoshani Tempo Service is a renowned name for providing shifting and moving services in Delhi and NCR. The company has been established in 1995 and since then it is providing reliable services to a large database of clients. The owner of the company is Mr. Santosh Kumar Yadav, who took forward his father’s business. With his innovative thought and advanced knowledge, he has taken the company to new heights.
We serve complete relocation solutions that includes packaging of items, loading, transfer, offloading and unpacking at destination location. Consistent and trustworthy services are offered from more than two decades.

Our Vision

We look forward to offer impeccable services to the people moving or relocating from and to Delhi as well as NCR. We provide a comprehensive package of moving services right from the packaging of items to transfer to the new location. ‘No scratch’ packing services safeguard your products and valuable items from external damages. Exclusive packaging of furniture and electronic items is done as per the level of product’s fragility and delicacy.

Our Mission

Our aim is to provide a secure relocation environment to the customers. We strive to deliver smooth, reliable and trustworthy services where our clients do not have to worry for their valuable assets while moving from one place to another.
Roshani Tempo Service operates on the fundamental principles of efficiency and accuracy, so all your valuables are transferred following a prescribed procedure and strategy. We deliver round the clock packing and moving services through experienced professional.

We maintain the standards by starting up with the requirement of client that is known through initial interaction with them. Also, the quality of packing services used to safely handle and locate the goods is premium so that they are protected against scratches or any major damage. In addition, the team at service are trained for perfect packing and reduces the manual burden of the client to bundle up the goods. The punctuality and honesty of our company is what has been our strength till date. Best and unbeatable prices is an added benefit to choose Roshani Tempo Services for shifting of household goods in Delhi
